Create documentation for Argo Rollouts Plugin. (#20680)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/k8s/deployment-configurations/argo-rollouts-configuration.mdx

---
layout: docs

> page_title: Using Argo Rollouts for Canary upgrades with Consul on Kubernetes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
page_title: Argo Rollouts Progressive Delivery with Consul on Kubernetes
```

This title I believe seems to align with other Argo Rollouts documentation so proposing.

description: >-
  Configuration for Argo Rollouts Controller to enable Canary deployments for subset based routing using Rollouts to integrate with Consul Service Mesh.
---

-> **Note:** Currently, the Consul Traffic Routing Rollouts Plugin only supports subset based routing.

### Install Rollouts Using Helm (Init Container)
This is the preferred method for installing this plugin.

Add the following code to your `values.yaml` file, then install the argo-rollouts by helm:

```yaml

>   initContainers:

Author: Good catch!! added the missing top level field.

---
layout: docs
page_title: Using Argo Rollouts for Canary upgrades with Consul on Kubernetes
description: >-
  Configuration for Argo Rollouts Controller to enable Canary deployments for subset based routing using Rollouts to integrate with Consul Service Mesh.
---

NOTES:

> **_1. Currently, the Consul Traffic Routing Rollouts Plugin only supports subset based routing._**

Reviewer 2: Fix the newline here, showing up weird on vercel sight

        location: "file:///plugin-bin/hashicorp/rollouts-plugin-trafficrouter-consul"
  volumes:
    - name: consul-plugin
      emptyDir: {}
  volumeMounts:
    - name: consul-plugin
      mountPath: /plugin-bin/hashicorp
```
```bash
helm install argo-rollouts argo/argo-rollouts -f values.yaml -n argo-rollouts
```

### Install Rollouts Using Helm (Binary)

1. Build this plugin (i.e. `make build`).
2. Mount the built plugin on to the `argo-rollouts` container
3. Add the following code to your `values.yaml` file, then install the argo-rollouts by helm:

```yaml
  trafficRouterPlugins:
    trafficRouterPlugins: |-
      - name: "argoproj-labs/consul"
        location: "file:///plugin-bin/hashicorp/rollouts-plugin-trafficrouter-consul"
  volumes:
    - name: consul-route-plugin
      hostPath:
        # The path being mounted to, change this depending on your mount path
        path: /rollouts-plugin-trafficrouter-consul
        type: DirectoryOrCreate
  volumeMounts:
    - name: consul-route-plugin
      mountPath: /plugin-bin/hashicorp
```
```bash
helm install argo-rollouts argo/argo-rollouts -f values.yaml -n argo-rollouts
```

### Stand-alone installation

> NOTES:

Reviewer 2: Fix newline, not rendering as expected on vercel preview

```yaml
apiVersion: apps/v1
kind: Deployment
metadata:
  name: argo-rollouts
  namespace: argo-rollouts
spec:
  selector:
    matchLabels:
      app.kubernetes.io/name: argo-rollouts
  template:
    spec:
      # ...
      volumes:
        # ...
         - name: consul-plugin
           hostPath:
             path: /plugin-bin/hashicorp/rollouts-plugin-trafficrouter-consul
             type: DirectoryOrCreate
      containers:
        - name: argo-rollouts
        # ...
          volumeMounts:
             - name: consul-route-plugin
               mountPath: /plugin-bin/hashicorp

```
```yaml
apiVersion: v1
kind: ConfigMap
metadata:
  name: argo-rollouts-config
  namespace: argo-rollouts
data:
  trafficRouterPlugins: |-
    - name: "argoproj-labs/consul"
      location: "file:///plugin-bin/hashicorp/rollouts-plugin-trafficrouter-consul"
binaryData: {}
```

### Install the RBAC

After either mounting the binary or using an init container apply the RBAC using the provided `yaml/rbac.yaml`
```bash
kubectl apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/argoproj-labs/rollouts-plugin-trafficrouter-consul/main/yaml/rbac.yaml
```

## Usage

> 1. Create the Kubernetes Service that will be utilized by the service being rolled out. Additionally, configure any Service Defaults and Proxy Defaults required for the service.

Reviewer 2: Using `1.` each time isn't working as intended when the site renders. I know markdown rendering usually handles this, but each numbered item is coming up as `1.`

```yaml
apiVersion: v1
kind: Service
metadata:
  name: test-service
spec:
  selector:
    app: test-service
  ports:
    - name: http
      port: 80
      targetPort: 8080
```

> 1. Create the Service Resolver and Service Splitter CRDs for your stable and canary services.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Create the Service Resolver and Service Splitter CRDs for your stable service. Argo will automate the modification of these CRDs during canary deployments.
```

---
layout: docs
page_title: Argo Rollouts Progressive Delivery with Consul on Kubernetes
description: >-
  Configure the Argo Rollouts Controller to enable Canary deployments for subset-based routing. Learn how k8s Rollouts integrate with Consul's service mesh.
---

# Argo Rollouts Progressive Delivery with Consul on Kubernetes

This page describes the process to configure and use the [Argo Rollouts Controller](https://argo-rollouts.readthedocs.io/en/stable/) with Consul on Kubernetes to manage advanced subset-based routing for Canary deployments.

Consul's support for Argo Rollouts is currently limited to subset-based routing.

## Install Argo Rollouts Controller

There are three methods for installing the Argo Rollouts Controller with Consul on Kubernetes:

> 1. [Install with Helm and init containers](#install-rollouts-using-helm-init-containers). We recommend installing the Argo Rollouts Controllor using this method.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. [Install Rollouts Using Helm and init containers](#install-rollouts-using-helm-and-binary). We recommend installing the Argo Rollouts Controllor using this method.
```

> 1. [Build the binary and install with Helm](#install-rollouts-using-helm-binary)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. [Install Rollouts Using Helm and binary](#install-rollouts-using-helm-and-binary)
```
